master
Master, why are you here?
You are still doing things more Dragon King
teacher
Just repaired your wound
It also limits you
Lifted from now on
A general apology
Useless to you
restriction
You are a celebrity
At first
I'm also looking for a celebrity body
Think about the situation you were in at the time
This dish saved you
This is why I'm worried that you put your heart and soul into it.
So
Parents calmly
Your strength
I see
All right.
Now take your mission to the next level
I have nothing
So worried
Ah, you will go to the bookstore later.
I'm also going to thank you
Yes you are right
Does the granddaughter of the library have any ideas?
idea
Master, we meet again for the first time
Not really. No, actually.
Not at all, master
Ah!
Hahaha